Updates Oracle.rst documentation (#13871)
mistercrunch/Airflow: docs/apache-airflow-providers-oracle/connections/oracle.rst

    * ``purity`` - one of ``new``, ``self``, ``default``. Specify the session acquired from the pool.
      configuration parameter.

    Connect using Dsn and Sid, Dsn and Service_name, or only Host `(OracleHook.getconn Documentation) <https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow-providers-oracle/stable/_modules/airflow/providers/oracle/hooks/oracle.html#OracleHook.get_conn>`_.

    For example:

    .. code-block:: python

        Host = "(DESCRIPTION=(ADDRESS=(PROTOCOL=TCP)(HOST=dbhost.example.com)(PORT=1521))(CONNECT_DATA=(SERVICE_NAME=orclpdb1)))"

    or

    .. code-block:: python

        Dsn = "dbhost.example.com"
        Service_name = "orclpdb1"

    or

    .. code-block:: python

        Dsn = "dbhost.example.com"
        Sid = "orcl"

    More details on all Oracle connect parameters supported can be found in `cx_Oracle documentation
    <https://cx-oracle.readthedocs.io/en/latest/api_manual/module.html#cx_Oracle.connect>`_.

    Information on creating an Oracle Connection through the web user interface can be found in Airflow's `Managing Connections Documentation

>     <https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow/stable/howto/connection.html>`_.

Reviewer: Do we use http links for internal reference in our docs?
shouldn't this be  like the security section [here](https://github.com/apache/airflow/blob/master/docs/apache-airflow/howto/connection.rst#securing-connections) 
So I believe it should be:
:doc:`/howto/connection/index`

Author: You are correct. I will make the change suggested.

Author: @eladkal 
The changes caused this error: WARNING: unknown document: /howto/connection/index. Do you know why the doc link failed?

I reverted it to previous commit.

Reviewer 2: The underlying error was because of this:
WARNING: unknown document: /howto/connection/index

>     <https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow/stable/howto/connection.html>`_.

Reviewer 2: :doc:`/howto/connection`

Reviewer 2: Should do the trick, since it is referencing howto/connection.rst

>     Information on creating an Oracle Connection through the web user interface can be found in Airflow's `Managing Connections Documentation
>     <https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow/stable/howto/connection.html>`_.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    Information on creating an Oracle Connection through the web user interface can be found in Airflow's :doc:`Managing Connections Documentation <apache-airflow:howto/connection>`.
```
